Dr. Belis Aladag: We will be seeing Richard Rodriguez is cures reports show on March 2013 was given up for northeast tablets.
Dr. Belis Aladag: To a day by a doctor Hopkins prior to that he has last hydrocodone prescription was January 26
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hello Richard
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hello.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hi it's Dr. Alan DAG.
NUU A7L: Or, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: You have a nice background. Are you outside in your yard.
NUU A7L: I'm actually at another doctor's office just borrowing their, their bench.
Oh,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah okay what what doctor's office. What are you going to see them for
NUU A7L: I'm not, I'm not seeing anything. I'm just, I'm just borrowing their bench and and happened to be on my way to where I was going. So
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, okay. Hey, it works out.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Just pretend I'm there.
NUU A7L: You know, there wasn't a lot of people around and stuff. And so, you know, to glue to play so I can really get down with the meeting and have no interruptions.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Good, good. I appreciate that. Okay, good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So,
Dr. Belis Aladag: All right. So welcome to bright heart, Richard.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So I'm just going to try to get to know you a bit. Tell me about what was going on with hydrocodone is it
Dr. Belis Aladag: How did you first get started on this opioid situation and and all that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Please young or
Dr. Belis Aladag: What was going
NUU A7L: Up and it actually started from a surgery.
NUU A7L: And got years back and but
Dr. Belis Aladag: When was it. Do you remember how old you were
NUU A7L: Guy. It was a, I want to say 2005 2006 because
NUU A7L: I've always been a allergic to Tylenol coding, coding three are just basic coding. So I've never, I've never liked you know any kind of pills.
NUU A7L: And the doctor told me he goes, No, this is different to hold your at the hydro code. Code own it's you're not allergic to it and
NUU A7L: And that's taking it for pain. You know, I was going through a lot of pain, but then you get hooked onto them and you don't
NUU A7L: You don't do a the doctor just doesn't give you a right assessment, you know, to kind of wean you off because either they give it to you or they just cut you right off, you know, and so
NUU A7L: You, you got to go find it somewhere else. You know, you're still in either a lot of pain or you just, you can't seem to get back to normal. You know, back to normal as being high. So I went through that, for God pie six years or so.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, bye.
NUU A7L: And then my quit.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Thousand 12 you quit.
NUU A7L: Yeah. Yeah, right. Actually right before I got my right before I got married in 2013 and moved to Texas. I got married.
NUU A7L: moved to Texas doing really well started a business tree and landscape in my ex wife had a she had a restaurant, and we had a tragic electrical fire just out of nowhere more houses caught on fire and and and burnt down
NUU A7L: And it really affected me her and three kids to as well. All of us. And so I found myself, you know, we're working through emotions and trying to get through it and
NUU A7L: Then we divorced, five months later, unfortunately, and so then there was another downhill loop for me. And so I I moved back here to California. When I moved back to California is when I relapsed and in that it's about a year that was December of 2018 so
Dr. Belis Aladag: Move back
NUU A7L: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh my god, what a story and how many children do you guys have
NUU A7L: Biologically, we, we don't have any when they're all her children. There were stepchildren mind. But yeah, so there was three of them, but yeah.
NUU A7L: We were together from
NUU A7L: We're together since 2011 and we divorced in November of 2018 so I can't really do the math right now but
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, that's a long time, seven years.
NUU A7L: Yeah, almost a decade, almost a decade. Yeah. So, but
Dr. Belis Aladag: But she's back there in Texas, you're here in California. Yeah.
NUU A7L: Yeah, she has her family in Texas and my family's here in California. And so I decided to move back and try to get some family support.
NUU A7L: But not getting that
NUU A7L: So that kind of, you know, threw me on a world when as well to now I'm dealing with family neglecting and not not doing what they say they're going to do and
NUU A7L: And then my ex wife, and then just not even over the house fire. Yeah, I mean, literally, I was a year later I found myself still in shock like
NUU A7L: I can't. I cannot believe this is um some homeless. You know, like, Wow, all my stuff that worked so hard for you know if
NUU A7L: We had a beautiful ranch houses four bedroom ranch house there in Texas at five acres and cows and chickens. You know, we had the whole farm and ranch and you know the whole family country live in and you know we got that along like peas in a pod, you know, and that fire just
NUU A7L: Man it that triggered something
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, that's so tragic. I'm so sorry. Wow, Richard.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's a lot.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So,
Dr. Belis Aladag: So the
Dr. Belis Aladag: Thing is, I think it would be important for you. Moving forward to connect with one of our therapists, so you're assigned to therapists.
NUU A7L: Yeah yeah yeah yeah
Dr. Belis Aladag: And I think you should meet with her individually.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And just try to work through some of this stuff that you know is still still there in the background because that's, that's pretty tragic and that's that's a huge back to back loss after loss. Right. One thing trigger and another thing and
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then you coming out here and then the disappointments with that and stuff like that, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Because that's that's. Those are big burdens to be carrying around and and that's what we're here for. So I think it'll help you long term if you do that. So yeah, I encourage you to connect with your therapist. So, for sure.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then
Dr. Belis Aladag: Wow, thanks for sharing all that would be so then when you move back here, December.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You said did you pretty much resume your oxycodone or hydrocodone habit.
No.
NUU A7L: I, I get a prescription of of
NUU A7L: Biking in right now because I've got a fractured collarbone. I'm actually supposed to go into surgery here soon. I talked with my surgeon on Friday. So I get ups but
NUU A7L: Pills, really, they don't they don't treat me anymore. I can, I can have my pocket for three or four days and not take one of them, you know, but then, but the heroin is what I'm you know I got on to the, you know,
And
NUU A7L: And that's
NUU A7L: Yeah, that's, that's the, that's a tough one to quit you know at that and and while it started with methamphetamines and then it moved from methods better means to
NUU A7L: Heroin and then now doing both, you know,
NUU A7L: Yeah, but it's like, All right, this is, this has got to this has got it in here soon.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
NUU A7L: So,
Dr. Belis Aladag: The math and the heroin, are you injecting them.
NUU A7L: I was, I was. And actually, I stopped almost four weeks now i don't i don't count the the day you know the desktop. But I want to say almost four weeks now, but I did, I did start for a little bit. I never thought I would I would you know. And then, of course, but no not not anymore.
NUU A7L: As what that mean
NUU A7L: That is net. And now I can't say never. Again, you never say never. I've learned that one in life.
NUU A7L: Yeah. For now, no. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So you stopped injecting about four weeks ago, but are you smoking it snorting it. What are you doing,
NUU A7L: Smoking it
NUU A7L: Okay, yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So okay, so you're smoking.
Dr. Belis Aladag: heroin and meth.
NUU A7L: And snorting intense Norton math.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And snorting okay so you Smoke the heroin and you snort the meth. Got it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Got it. Okay, obviously. Yes, injecting is the most dangerous.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Infection wise and all that. So yeah. If you can not do that ever. That would be amazing.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But even better than any of that is like getting you out of this rut. In the first place, and just stopping the madness right starting
NUU A7L: That yeah I have to ask to start somewhere, you know, and I figured that would be the most
NUU A7L: You know, that'd be the best area to start at, you know, to be happy, you know, and hopefully because like I was even finding myself getting anxious for the meeting like because I haven't used and like two days, you know, I'm like, all right, we heard
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's been two days.
NUU A7L: Almost two days. Yeah, it was, it was the day before yesterday.
NUU A7L: I can't remember if it was in the morning or the afternoon, but either way it was. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes, you, you're in withdrawal. Now you think
NUU A7L: I'm slow, you know,
NUU A7L: Slightly, that's the thing is is I don't know if it's maybe I just don't use I don't use as much as everybody else because I really don't use much. I mean, it doesn't take much for me to use I have kind of a high energy personality as it is. Anyways, but
NUU A7L: But after three days, three or four, then I just like whoa okay this is I can feel lethargic and and you know the diarrhea, and then you're just feeling like you know like it's humid and and
Dr. Belis Aladag: It would probably hit you. But those symptoms would hit you probably in another day. You think you said three or four days.
NUU A7L: Okay that like
NUU A7L: Like waking up tomorrow morning. I would feel like like a wet dog. Yeah, I'd feel bad.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so. So for you, it's more probably in a start tomorrow. Okay, gotcha. Um,
NUU A7L: If not, not tonight Bianchi i've been i've been actually medicating with marijuana for like the last three hours and so that that helps to, you know, I mean it.
NUU A7L: It's my take my mind off of it and then relaxes me as well and then went to my mind is off of it and I'm relaxed. I'm not so anxious and once I'm anxious and it's triggered than, you know, it's time to go, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, okay, and then getting back to the Viking. Um, so it's going to be important for you. I mean, you have a fractured color brown bone and you're saying, you're going to have surgery. When is the surgery.
NUU A7L: I'm not. I'm not. I don't have a surgery date yet I still I have Friday is my day that I go and talk with my surgeon for the first time I've been through my primary doctor but
NUU A7L: I've been running through a stupid loop with the orthopedic that supposed to do the surgery and then the doctor that was at the ER that I seen
NUU A7L: They have my insurance has it that the doctor if the ER was going to perform the surgery on me, but he's just a physician and so I had to go through all this.
NUU A7L: And so actually been now six or seven weeks since I enjoyed it. And so I need to hurry up. But so Friday I finally got
NUU A7L: The surgeon to pick up my file. I'm going to get with them. I take them my my X rays, and he looks over him and he's going to go from whether we do surgery. Next week, or we do surgery in two days or, you know, but either way it's it's going to be surgery. So this is the
Dr. Belis Aladag: Which side is
NUU A7L: My left side. This is the third time that I've
NUU A7L: Fractured it and I shattered at once and fractured it to other times.
NUU A7L: Yeah. And this is pretty bad. I mean it's, yeah, it's all that off. It's really off and it's very painful, very painful to
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so here's the deal with the surgery and the Viking and and stuff. So moving forward, what I want to do for you is induce you start you on buprenorphine.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay we for northeast, have you have you been on it before, right, because I see that you've got a prescription right in March, end of March.
NUU A7L: It's a, it's a generic for Suboxone or something like that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, what
NUU A7L: Yeah yeah yeah
NUU A7L: What about okay that a wall. What do you think about. I'm just here. We think about methadone. I've taken methadone. In the past, before
NUU A7L: But it was to take it pretty much, you know, to get high. I mean, be honest with you, bye bye methadone. Yeah, I have it.
NUU A7L: You know,
NUU A7L: So that's when I was taken.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, okay.
NUU A7L: Um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: So yeah, so so
Dr. Belis Aladag: The option you have options.
Dr. Belis Aladag: The two like best options would be methadone maintenance or buprenorphine or Suboxone otherwise known as Suboxone maintenance either one.
NUU A7L: Right. Yeah. Well, yeah. Because the reason I was asking to is because the Suboxone made me more nauseous, but I haven't taken methadone in and over six years. So you know i don't i don't know what it's going to do to me.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So,
Dr. Belis Aladag: So here's the deal.
Dr. Belis Aladag: To let you know methadone is not something I can prescribe. It's not something a doctor can prescribe for you for opioid use disorder.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Methadone for opioid use disorder, you need to go to a clinic methadone clinic and you go every morning you check in at like five or six and that's how it works.
NUU A7L: Well, then maybe on on the prescription because it said to a day, taking two of those boxes today now.
NUU A7L: To be honest with you, that was a little much. I mean, it did the trick for the seven actually for like
NUU A7L: 14 days is what it was because I only take one and even one was, I mean not overly power, but I remember, I'd take you and God dang that I was, I might as well. When done term heroin, but then
Dr. Belis Aladag: It was too much for you as adults. So yeah, having the right dose is important.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And and
NUU A7L: So,
Dr. Belis Aladag: And the nausea piece may have come because it was too high of a dose, you know, um,
NUU A7L: Well, I think.
NUU A7L: The two honestly
Dr. Belis Aladag: Sorry, it was because it was too. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So in terms of maintenance. Yes. So buprenorphine would be the treatment of choice. Then the other option, like I said, is to go to a local, you have to find a methadone clinic near you and register and you just go every day for dosing. That's how that works. This
Dr. Belis Aladag: This gives you more freedom. Yeah.
NUU A7L: You know, now if there was like some kind of like counting classes or something like that. Like, while you went to the clinic that was beneficial.
NUU A7L: Then I might think about it. But if it's just to go stand in line to get you know your fixed for the day. I might as well just go two blocks down the street and go, you know what I mean.
NUU A7L: And so i mean i just i i'm so honest that it's it's disgusting sometimes but I figured what the doctor, especially you know you've wanted me to be absolutely just
Dr. Belis Aladag: Blowing up. Yeah, no, we want you to be honest.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And I want something that is going to work for you. So
Dr. Belis Aladag: We could do this, we can try adjusting the dose. So it's not causing you that nausea and it's
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's sufficient to hold your cravings for heroin and other opioid it just should, you should feel normal. You shouldn't be feeling. Hi, you shouldn't be feeling altered.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You should feel pretty normal in terms of pain. Now that you have. You're talking about the collarbone. It should also have
Dr. Belis Aladag: Some pain. So it's not
Dr. Belis Aladag: We're not giving into for pain management. Right, exactly. But it's, it should have a side.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Effect of helping with pain because it's a partial opioid
NUU A7L: Thing I get 20 lichens and I've only gotten two strips and last seven weeks so and honestly I didn't even I probably maybe took 15 of those in the last seven weeks so yeah a little, a little pain management would be awesome as well. Definitely.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, so what
Dr. Belis Aladag: So what I will need you to do is
Dr. Belis Aladag: Money.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You need to. I mean, it's complicated because of your pain situation, but basically you need to stick to buprenorphine and that's it. No, I couldn't. No other stuff. You can't be filling more, um, we, we just don't want to be mixing things around because they're all opioids. Right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, so
Dr. Belis Aladag: We can use the buprenorphine and adjust the dose. If you're paying is getting worse. We can up it by. In fact, there's two milligrams instead of eight minute what you are given was eight milligrams tabs.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I can give you a milligram tabs and see if we can spread it out throughout the day in little doses to see if it'll cover pain and also not causing as much nausea.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I will take
Dr. Belis Aladag: Maybe two in the morning to at noon to before bed and see if that kind of covers you all day.
NUU A7L: And then, and then maybe some nausea pills. Just, just in case you know
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, I can do that. I can give you some nausea pills, just in case. And then we can do these baby baby doses three times a day.
Yeah.
NUU A7L: Yeah, that sounds that actually sounds really smart.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, let's
Dr. Belis Aladag: We try that and you stay away from the Viking you don't do heroin. You don't do math.
Dr. Belis Aladag: In terms of your Friday appointment with the surgeon. You can tell him on Friday. Hey, you know, once you guys decide what's going on. You can tell them, Hey, I just got established on buprenorphine.
Dr. Belis Aladag: For my opioid problem.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I just want to be transparent about it. You know, I don't want to. I'm not interested in getting on Vika. Then again, or things like that. I'm going to use the morphine for pain control.
NUU A7L: Yeah, like right after the surgery for sure. You know, like it in for the pain of right after the surgery but then pain management. No, absolutely not. It'd be too much.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah. And so, so the way we handle that usually is that you continue your buprenorphine before the surgery you continue it. And then after surgery. If you need on top of the buprenorphine. If you need more pain control, you can try taking the Viking and on top, it may work.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But it may not. And what we usually do is increase your buprenorphine dose.
NUU A7L: The blocker. I forgot.
NUU A7L: It's not a blocker, per se. It's just stronger on the receptor.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So it's harder.
Dr. Belis Aladag: For it to come off and give it room for the Viking in
Dr. Belis Aladag: And so it's not a full block, but it's it's kind of like it stays on there. It's more stubborn so
Dr. Belis Aladag: So so pain control after surgery. That's why the surgeon needs to know. Oh, you're on buprenorphine okay and needing to tell me since I'm prescribing you the buprenorphine. I need to give you extra buprenorphine perhaps after the surgery so that you can cover your breakthrough pain. Okay.
NUU A7L: All right, yeah. That sounds, that sounds like a good idea. I'm sure the surgeon would like that as well, too. So
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, that you're like hey look, I'm just being transparent right now. I'm taking two milligrams breakfast, lunch, dinner after surgery. I might bump it up with my other provider.
Dr. Belis Aladag: She said that I could add
Dr. Belis Aladag: Just temporarily I could try to add like a Percocet, or or Vika and after surgery to see if it's really bad if I need to, but better on sleep better for you just to keep things clean and clear is for us to use buprenorphine as your pain management after surgery. Much better because
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, it just gets kind of confusing.
NUU A7L: Yeah, yeah. Well, no, I totally agree with you i think i think that's
NUU A7L: Okay, really good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so you get it, you kind of understand the, the science of it now.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, so once we get on buprenorphine we stay on buprenorphine. You don't take any extra lichen or anything. If you have pain breakthrough pain and you're like, I need something on top of this.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Then we, you and I talk and we increase the Butte, we add another two milligrams, or something like that to help you. Okay. All right. Okay, good. You think you can do that.
NUU A7L: Oh, yeah. Yeah, most definitely. Now, what, what kind of connection. Do we have no I have to make appointments. Every time that I want to not. I mean, I felt like I'll be blowing you up or but like when you're wanting me to get older you or I'm needing, you know, I mean, how is it
Dr. Belis Aladag: So,
Dr. Belis Aladag: So will you and I will meet in a group setting for refills. And just like, Hey, how are you doing, and also in the group, you'll have a therapist that runs the rest of the group to talk about recovery themes. You know, like, okay, how to stay sober, whatever.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So that group with me to refill your meds and just do a quick touching base is going to happen weekly um can you do 4pm on Fridays.
NUU A7L: Whatever is easiest for you, girl.
NUU A7L: Yeah.
NUU A7L: I don't got a job right now. And so, yeah.
NUU A7L: So we would like nine is your surgeon appointment on Friday.
NUU A7L: Friday at 910 in the morning am
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay so great. So actually, if you, if you don't mind. Come meet me at 4pm that day.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And you can tell me how the surgery appointment went
NUU A7L: Okay. All right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, like what you guys decide, you know, did you decide on a date with what did he say did you tell them about hey I'm on buprenorphine. Just so you know, and I'm going to work with the provider about my pain control.
NUU A7L: And then you see what did he say what he says about that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: He says, just, you know, just letting him know like, Hey, I'm Mike, she says.
NUU A7L: You can tell her what I have a lot. I'm going to go with you. I mean, I'm going to go with you because we've already agreed with that and
NUU A7L: And it. That's what I want to do I sound that way better idea like you're saying mixing medications. I mean, that's what I got to get off medication. I'm just gonna be as worse off, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, and and over the years we've studied we've started seeing a lot of patterns with people that are on Suboxone so I've treated. A lot of people over the years with Suboxone long term, right. They've been on it for years. Sometimes for months, sometimes for years.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And they need surgery. Sometimes
Dr. Belis Aladag: And we've done different things like sometimes we say, okay, let's stop the Suboxone maybe four or five days before surgery so that your receptors are open for the Viking in or whatever you need, and
Dr. Belis Aladag: Get back on after you're done, maybe two weeks after surgery after you're done with your pain control, then we get you back on. But that's always been a hassle.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Always been problematic much better results when people stay on the view. And then after surgery, increase the dose if they need to, for a little bit until their pain goes back
Down.
NUU A7L: Yeah.
NUU A7L: In your work.
Dr. Belis Aladag: This is better.
NUU A7L: You know, we're talking like a week of severe, severe pain and a person should not be in severe, severe pain more than seven days, you know it if he is then or that person is in his doctor screwed up something though he's not doing something right. You know, but
NUU A7L: Yeah, definitely.
NUU A7L: Alright, sounds good. Now, man. I've always wanted. What about what about
NUU A7L: Gosh, depression, anxiety, yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, depression and anxiety for sure. So we, we want you to
Dr. Belis Aladag: Feel the best you can. And I think that sometimes when you're in a certain place in your life in a certain rut.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, antidepressants can be super helpful. They also help with anxiety.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And we don't have to be on them forever. They could be a temporary thing until you get through a patch, but
Dr. Belis Aladag: If I were you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's up to you if you want to get started now. And you're like, You know what, I think I'm going to need all the help and just give it to me. We can get you started. Yeah.
NUU A7L: Whoa, it's really been on my mind like you know
NUU A7L: And that's why medical marijuana. Yeah, I mean, but
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So,
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, that's okay. So yeah, so why don't we do that. So have you ever been on any any
Dr. Belis Aladag: anything's any medication for depression or anything.
NUU A7L: I'm not not prescription wise but yeah I've taken it in the past, you know,
NUU A7L: Yeah, I mean, actually, I take, I take it before I got married when I was
NUU A7L: I was very, very anxious of just getting ready to get married, and it wasn't sure if I should or shouldn't. My mom was telling me not to and whole family what I was going through, like, you know, total almost breakdown stage. And so it got me through it, you know, but
Hey,
NUU A7L: What's that
Dr. Belis Aladag: What were you taking
Dr. Belis Aladag: Xanax Xanax, I see. Yes, Annex um so
NUU A7L: I've tried i've you know I've tried to so much someone makes me feel like I'm I'm entirely drunk.
NUU A7L: And and I didn't like that and
NUU A7L: I can't remember if I've tried anything else but I remember I was very, very relaxed and
NUU A7L: Everything just blew over like a breeze, you know, even the biggest problems, you know, even my oldest brother hounding me for drugs on my wedding day you know and and i mean it was it. Are you know yeah so I yeah I definitely want to try it out.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so, so, yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You can try some medication, um, you know, the medication that I will give you is a little bit different. It's not as
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's not going to kind of zonked you out like that. It's not going to tranquilize you it's
Dr. Belis Aladag: Something that will subtly change your perspective, very subtly, and over time. So it takes about three weeks, four weeks to really kick in. Some people are more sensitive and feel it sooner but you're gonna have to be patient with that it's it's not something so dramatic. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hello.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Richard
Dr. Belis Aladag: Did I lose you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hello. Can you hear me now.
NUU A7L: Hello.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, are you, are you in a
Dr. Belis Aladag: secure place right help
Dr. Belis Aladag: You okay
NUU A7L: Yeah, I'm good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, um, so yeah, so the medication. I'm going to give you. It takes a little bit of time to work. Okay, it's not it's not like a, it's not a dramatic.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know right away thing it has to accumulate in your bloodstream and takes time. Is it anxiety that you feel worse about or your depression.
NUU A7L: Really
NUU A7L: I'm starting to become worried about my depression more
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. So I think, I think we should we should we can try putting you on
Dr. Belis Aladag: Something that can help with depression.
NUU A7L: Just one. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I think
Dr. Belis Aladag: I think we should do that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And it's an SSRI which means it helps increase your serotonin levels over time.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And so those are. That's what what helps depression. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And the good news.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It also helps anxiety. So
Dr. Belis Aladag: It can help both things.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: We try that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then go from there.
NUU A7L: I'd like to get rid of the fear of fidgety, you know, always fidgety fidgety
NUU A7L: I never, never really, I was always a real conversation.
NUU A7L: But
OK.
Dr. Belis Aladag: OK, let's see. Let's see what we can
Dr. Belis Aladag: Do um
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's, it's called fluoxetine and people usually tolerate it. Well, it's usually fine you can take it in the morning with your food with
Breakfast.
NUU A7L: And
Dr. Belis Aladag: Just let's go from there. There's a rare side effect called serotonin syndrome where people get really
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hot physically hot flushes people's get really small and they
NUU A7L: They feel rigid their muscles are rigid
Dr. Belis Aladag: I don't know if you've ever seen people like on ecstasy or something, some people with ecstasy can get serotonin syndrome. So that's a rare thing it doesn't happen very often. But just to let you know if you start getting hallucinating are
Dr. Belis Aladag: Feeling
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hello. Yeah.
NUU A7L: There we go. Yeah, I tried to move the hair.
Dr. Belis Aladag: OK. OK.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Ok now.
NUU A7L: Yeah yeah
NUU A7L: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So anyway, so. So that's serotonin syndrome. So we're going to start you on flocks, a team 20 milligrams in the morning.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then I'm going to give you the view take three times a day.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But in small doses two milligrams each
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And we're going to see how you do. And we're gonna
Dr. Belis Aladag: We're gonna meet again after you meet your surgeon on Friday, you're going to meet with us at four o'clock so you log in at 330
Dr. Belis Aladag: So the virtual summit.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And you say, Hey, I'm in a group with her at folder and they'll give you the
Dr. Belis Aladag: Number, which changes every
Dr. Belis Aladag: Night. Cool.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: You mentioned your brother. Is there anyone besides your brother, who also has a substance use disorder in the family.
NUU A7L: My father
NUU A7L: My grandfather and both of my brothers. I have two brothers and a sister. So a bit. Yeah. Didn't mainly my dad side and then
NUU A7L: And then, me and my brothers, which were the only
NUU A7L: The only siblings in the whole family cousins and everything that actually became a, you know, drug addicts.
NUU A7L: So, yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So it was father's father to that also had is it all opioid or is it math opioid alcohol.
NUU A7L: Alcohol. Alcohol.
Alcohol.
Dr. Belis Aladag: For you, do you stay away from alcohol or are you drinking. No.
NUU A7L: I don't I don't drink. I can you know that can be beer. I mean, I got to a phase years back, you know, maybe four years ago, but it was really easy to quit and there's like a
NUU A7L: Six month phase and I got really, really bad and you know I quit and I haven't touched it. But yeah, the alcohol because my dad was an alcoholic and and
NUU A7L: You know, Easter Easter, you know, use me, and so I'm always just and then we made wine every year as well too. So I was I was forced to
NUU A7L: Make the wine and my dad and you know look like support before. I mean, I don't do it, but I didn't know I've been forced, you know, and
NUU A7L: And and you know the other siblings didn't have to do anything. So, but I'd you know I think of it now i i kind of thank him for it because he taught me talk quite a bit. But what He taught me was right, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I hear you. Okay, so his father also had the problems.
NUU A7L: And then
Dr. Belis Aladag: Your two brothers two. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So that's the family history. Tell me, do you smoke cigarettes. Do you have nicotine could do to
NUU A7L: Make
Things.
NUU A7L: A little bit smoking, maybe three three cigarettes a day on a
NUU A7L: Four would be like wow I smoked for but mainly two to three hours a day, one in the morning, you know, and I'll have one later in the evening with a friend and then like later at night, I might have. I might have to
NUU A7L: But
Dr. Belis Aladag: Very little CIGARETTES, BUT I in the future if we want to stop that to it might be best for you and we can work on that we can give you like gum or
NUU A7L: Laws and
Thing you know
NUU A7L: Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Because I've actually cut back quite a bit.
NUU A7L: I smoking a pack a day.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh wow, okay. So this is really good that good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Cutting down from one pack a day.
NUU A7L: Okay.
NUU A7L: So,
NUU A7L: They become expensive expensive.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Very expensive. I'm telling me about any suicidal history or suicidal risk we
Dr. Belis Aladag: Are we at risk for this.
NUU A7L: No, no.
NUU A7L: I serve a good god you know
NUU A7L: I got a lot of faith in God. And so
NUU A7L: Yeah. Suicide has never been
NUU A7L: No, you know,
NUU A7L: I I've learned a lot in life. I know that, you know, I've lived a life that most eight year old haven't, haven't even lived, you know, I've learned a lot, you know,
NUU A7L: It wasn't a good life, but yeah.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, okay, so you have that. What else do I want to ask
NUU A7L: You
Dr. Belis Aladag: You said you have allergy to coding. Do you have any other medication.
Allergies
NUU A7L: No, no.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so let's
Dr. Belis Aladag: Let's try this new um
Dr. Belis Aladag: regimen for you. Um, what I need you to do is to clean everything up okay like throw away. What you have just get rid of your supplies. We don't want Vika didn't
Dr. Belis Aladag: Around. We don't want you know any sort of opiate heroin meth like keep that away.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You've already had two days, clean, we need you know either tonight or tomorrow. You want to be in withdraw not severe but you definitely want to feel like, okay, I'm in withdrawal right now before you start
Dr. Belis Aladag: Because if you start too soon.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It will make you feel worse.
NUU A7L: Yeah.
NUU A7L: When I got it at the emergency room.
NUU A7L: I had like 24 hours and I took it and I was fine. Okay. Yeah, I was fine.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, well let's try this. Let's try
Dr. Belis Aladag: These are smaller doses. Remember, so it's going to be better for you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But you're going to use it a couple of times a day to help you with the pain because we don't want you using bike it in. We want you to see if this can help you instead. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: All right, and then that's it. All you have to do is go to the pharmacy get these two people, you know, your antidepressant to start tomorrow morning with breakfast.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And your
Dr. Belis Aladag: You pornography that you can start tonight. If you feel up to
Dr. Belis Aladag: It or maybe tomorrow's best
NUU A7L: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And the buprenorphine you know
Dr. Belis Aladag: Melts under your tongue. You don't want to swallow it, or chew it too quickly doesn't work.
Otherwise,
NUU A7L: Yeah, I would. I would. I was first starting it tonight I'm, I'm, I'm ready. I'm so ready to
Dr. Belis Aladag: OK. OK, let's do this. And then finally, I'm going to prescribe
Dr. Belis Aladag: Something called nor can
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know Narcan for overdose risk.
NUU A7L: Yeah yeah yeah
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's a spray
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know what it is. It's a spray in your nose. If anyone finds you not responding. They can spray it and bring you back, but they
Dr. Belis Aladag: Need to call 911 because it's only temporary.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Oh.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And you can use it on other people to see somebody passed out. You don't know why.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It could be from an opiate overdose. It doesn't harm them. If it's not opioid, it doesn't harm them, you just spray it and you know you hope for the best. You call 911
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
NUU A7L: Yeah. Thank you god yeah i know i just wanted my friend couple weeks ago.
NUU A7L: I watched it over. Does he got hit by car, but still
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, that's a lot.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, and
Dr. Belis Aladag: Where are you living. Finally, I just wanted to ask
NUU A7L: I live.
NUU A7L: I live down the creek. I have a camp. I admit I make you know make a little camp, but I can't sleep in the daytime. I was working
NUU A7L: But then I fractured my collarbone. So that's about this ability as well.
NUU A7L: Okay. Oh.
NUU A7L: Yeah.
NUU A7L: Homeless
NUU A7L: So,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Are you living. Is anyone with you or you're by yourself.
NUU A7L: I'm totally by myself.
NUU A7L: Yeah, I have, like, yeah, I have like no interest at all to be in a relationship with women right like
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, yeah.
NUU A7L: I'm, I'm a pretty some pretty solo so
Dr. Belis Aladag: I got you. Hopefully you know what
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hopefully, we'll get you off these drugs and off the opioid so you can feel like
Dr. Belis Aladag: clear in your head, and you can feel good and
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, and, and the fracture will be
Dr. Belis Aladag: Taken care of and
Dr. Belis Aladag: More stable place.
NUU A7L: Yeah.
NUU A7L: I agree. I agree.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: All right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So we have a plan. You're going to go to the pharmacy.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And give us your pharmacy. Let me see.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Walgreens, and
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'll prescribing
NUU A7L: Man I'll call I'll call you on Friday after my winter.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, you call us.
3:30pm
NUU A7L: group number and then calling for.
Exactly.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay so 330
Dr. Belis Aladag: All the virtual clinic.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, let's see how you feel, then. Bye bye.